chore(option): add value example (#1045)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/slider/README.md

```html preview blocks
<vwc-slider disabled></vwc-slider>
```

### Value

Use `value` in order to set the value of the slider.

- Type: `string`

> - Default: `on`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default: `5`
```
(missed that earlier)

```html preview blocks
<vwc-slider disabled></vwc-slider>
```

### Value

> Use `value` in order to set the value of the switch.
> 
> - Type: `string`
> - Default: `on`
> 
> ```html
> <vwc-switch value="my-value"></vwc-switch>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `value` in order to set the value of the slider.

- Type: `string`
- Default: `on`

```html
<vwc-slider value="5"></vwc-slider>
```
```
